For example, Machine Zone may access and store some or all of the following information, as allowed by you and your preferences: By playing a Machine Zone game, you are authorizing Machine Zone to collect, store, and use in accordance with this Privacy Policy any and all information that you agreed the application could provide to Machine Zone through the EULA - End User License Agreement - posted on the application portal you downloaded the app from.
Your user profile may include: a profile image; one or more game username(s); and a Machine Zone user ID number that is created by Machine Zone and used to identify your profile.
When you ask for assistance from our Customer Support team, we will collect and store the contact information you provide (generally your name and e-mail address), information about your game play or activity on the Service, and your username or ID number.
You may be able to take part in certain activities on our websites or games that give you the opportunity to communicate or share information not just with Machine Zone, but also with other users of our Service.
We may collect or receive information from other sources including (i) other Machine Zone users who choose to upload their email contacts; and (ii) third party information providers.
For example, We may use information collected from you in any one or more of the following ways: If you have provided your e-mail address to Machine Zone, We'll use it to respond to (i) customer support inquiries, and (ii) keep you informed of your in-game activity, including comments from friends, notifications about in-game status and requests.
Machine Zone games or their purchase pages may display an "offer wall" that is hosted by an offer wall provider.
Once Machine Zone receives your information from an SNS, that information is stored and used by Machine Zone in accordance with this Privacy Policy, and you may access and update that information as described below.
Information We Receive from Third Party SNS Where You play a Machine Zone Game If you play our games at a third-party SNS, Machine Zone will be able to access and store profile and other information about you as described above.
If your account is hacked, this may lead to unauthorized play of your Machine Zone games, so be careful to keep your account information secure.