I.    EA Online And Mobile Privacy Policy: Introduction We have adopted this global online Privacy Policy to explain how we store and use personal and non-personal information we collect online on our websites, during your use of our online products and/or services (including online game play) and on mobile platforms.
EA may collect personal information from our online visitors during: - Otherwise through use of our software, mobile or online services where personal information is required for use and/or participation.
EA collects non-personal information along with personal information when you actively provide it in the context of various online and mobile activities including online and mobile purchases, game registration and marketing surveys, for instance.
EA also uses its own proprietary analytic metrics tool and other third party analytics technologies to collect information when you use our online products and services and/or play our games on your PC, game system and/or mobile device.
Other Information Collected From Third Parties EA may also receive other information from third parties, including in connection with the operation and distribution of our products and services as well as market and demographic studies that we use to supplement personal and anonymous information collected or provided directly by you.
You may also opt in to allow EA to share your personal information with companies and organizations that provide products or services that we believe may be of interest to you.
Some EA sites or services may collect personal information that is not accessible via our site.
When an EA online or mobile product or service does request age information, and users identify themselves as under 13, the product or service will either block such users from providing personal information, or we will ensure consent is obtained from parents for the collection, use and sharing of their children's personal information.
If you visit a third party website that is linked to an EA site, you should consult that site's privacy policy before providing any personal information.
As detailed above, our policy is not to disclose personal information collected online to a third party for direct marketing purposes without your approval.