If you do not agree to this Privacy Policy, do not use any of our Services or give us any of your information.
In addition to any Personal Information or other information that you choose to submit to us, we and our third-party service providers may use a variety of technologies that automatically (or passively) collect certain information whenever you visit or interact with the Services (" Usage Information").
We may combine the information we receive from those sources with information we collect through the Services.
Personal Information may also be collected and shared with third-parties if there is content from the Mobile Application that you specifically and knowingly upload to, share with or transmit to an email recipient, online community, website, or to the public, e.g. uploaded photos, posted reviews or comments, or information about you or your ride that you choose to share with others through features which may be provided on our Services.
The credit card information you provide in your personal profile at sign-up is not stored by us, but is stored and used by our third party credit card processors in order for them to process payment that you owe third parties for transportation services received by you.
We may provide these vendors with access to user information, including Personal Information, this information sharing is limited to only the information needed by the vendor to carry out the services they are performing for you or for us.
If you elect to register for products and/or services through the Co-Branded Services, you may be providing your information to both us and the third party.
We may share your information, including your Personal Information and Usage Information with our parent, subsidiaries and affiliates for internal reasons.
We are not responsible for the accuracy, use or misuse of any content or information that you disclose or receive through the Services.
The Services may contain content that is supplied by a third party, and those third parties may collect web site usage information and your Device Identifier when web pages from any online or mobile Services are served to your browser.