APUS values your privacy.

This Privacy Policy describes the types of personal information we collect about our users and how we may use the information. We want to emphasize that the only purpose of accessing this information is to make the functions listed below work, and any information besides basic anonymous APUS usage data will always keep in your cellphone.

Device & app history

Read sensitive log data

Retrieve running apps

We use this information to improve the basic quality of the APUS Launcher to ensure that it is fast, stable in user’s phone. For example, by constantly analyzing this information, we have reduced the crash rate to only 0.05%.

Identity

Find accounts on the device

We do not recognize and save your account. We only detect whether you have a Google account in the phone. This helps us to confirm the state of Google Service and provide users with appropriate application update methods.

Contacts

Read your contacts

We do not save or upload your contacts. We just use this permission to read your contacts when you initiate contact searching, and display possible results.

SMS

Read your text messages (SMS and MMS)

We do not save or upload your messages. We just use this permission to read your messages when you initiate message searching, and display possible results.

Location

Approximate location (network-based)

The only purpose using this permission is to display apps that surrounding users installed anonymously, and recommend popular apps based on current location in APUS Radar. This information can’t be traced back.

Camera

Take pictures and videos

Torch is a popular feature in APUS. We developed it by controlling the camera flash lamp of phone. This requires the camera permission. APUS do not take photos and videos by itself.

Photos ⁄ Media ⁄ Files

Modify or delete the contents of your USB storage

Test access to protected storage

We use this permission to launch the apps installed in the SD card and store the wallpaper. They are basic features for an android launcher app.

Wi-Fi connection information

View Wi-Fi connections

We use this permission to control Wi-Fi switch. So you can be easy to turn on and off the WLAN.

Device ID & call information

Read phone status and identity

We use this information to evaluate the effects of our various promotion methods and improve our service. E.g. determine which language should be supported in APUS Launcher.

Personal information

Read logs

We use this permission to send back anonymous diagnostic log when APUS crashed on your device. We are not collecting your personal information.

Other

Adjust your wallpaper size

Choose widgets

Control vibration

Measure app storage space

Full network access

Run at startup

Connect and disconnect from Wi-Fi

Change network connectivity

Modify system settings

View network connections

Access Bluetooth settings

Pair with Bluetooth devices

Draw over other apps

Set wallpaper

Close other apps

Expand/collapse status bar

Set an alarm

Read sync settings

Install shortcuts

We use these permissions to provide many useful features:

Quick setting, such as Bluetooth, brightness, volume, vibration, mobile data, Wi-Fi;

Power saving: as above;

Enable user to use widget;

Scheduled task;

Enable user to change wallpaper;

Display operation instruction;

For any suggestion, feedback or request, please head over to our Facebook page:

http://www.facebook.com/APUSGROUP

or email us at apusecho@gmail.com

© 2015 APUS Group. ALL Rights Reserved