Privacy policy
Privacy Policy
1 Introduction
  We at King respect the privacy of everyone who uses our corporate website (which can be found via the urls http://about.king.com or http://company.king.com, and/or any sub-page thereof), and any services related to those websites which we may provide to you from time to time (together the “Website”). In this document we refer to King.com Limited as “King” “ us”, “ we” or “ our” and we refer to you as “ you” and “ your”. 

This document, the "Privacy Policy", explains how we collect, process and store any personal data belonging to you, meaning information about you which is personally identifiable such as your name or email address. Such information is referred to throughout this policy as "Personal Information" or “data”.
By accessing and/or using our Website you consent to us collecting, processing, storing and sharing your Personal Information in the ways set out in this Privacy Policy. If you have any concerns about providing data to us or having it used in any manner permitted in this Privacy Policy you should not access our Website. As set out in the terms and conditions relating to our Website, you must be at least 13 years old to access and use our Website.
2 About us
We are a company called Midasplayer.com Limited. We are incorporated in England and Wales with registered company number 04534247 and registered address at 10th Floor, Central Saint Giles, 1 St Giles’ High Street, London, WC2H 8AG. We are registered with the UK data protection authority with registration number Z8053677.
3 Information we collect about you, and how we collect it
We may collect and process the following data about you:
information that you provide us with when you fill in forms when using our Website;
details of your use of our Website and the resources that you access (for example, information about how and when you visit our Website(s), or what device you use to access our Website);
if you contact us or respond to messages and communications that we send to you, we may keep a record of that correspondence; and
information we collect via cookies, as explained further below.
  4 Cookies
We use cookies and other similar technologies. Cookies are small files which store some information on your computer or mobile device. We may use cookies and similar technologies:
to allow us to recognise you and your device, for example by identifying your IP address;
to provide you with a more customized experience of our Website;
to obtain data which will allow us to understand how people are using our Website so that we can improve it.
By accessing our Website you consent to our use of cookies in accordance with this Privacy Policy. You can disable cookies through your web or phone browser settings but you may find you are not able to enjoy all the features of our Website if you do so.
5 How will we use your Personal Information?
You agree that we (or a supplier or group company acting on our behalf and only under our instructions) may use your Personal Information for the purposes of:
contacting you, for example to send you updates about our Website or to respond to a query from you;
managing your relationship with us and improving your experience when you use our Website;
research, surveying, and engaging with you, for example by sending you communications (including by email) for these purposes;
marketing and promotion of our Website or related products, for example sending you communications (including by email) for these purposes on our, or a third party's behalf;
to create reports, analysis or similar services for use by us for the purposes of research or business intelligence, for example to track potential problems or trends with our Website;
preventing crime or fraud. We may also need to pass your information to fraud prevention agencies and other organisations involved in crime and fraud prevention; and
as otherwise expressly set out in this Privacy Policy or as required by law.
  6 Will we share your Personal Information with third parties?
We will only share your data with third parties (for example, our group companies or suppliers):
with your consent (including as set out in this Privacy Policy);
as reasonably necessary in order to provide the Website to you or to communicate with you (for example, by providing your Personal Information to a third party supplier who hosts our Website);
where it is necessary to carry out your instructions;
where your data is on an anonymous and aggregated basis, meaning you could not be personally identified from it;
as we reasonably believe is permitted by law or regulation;
in order to comply with any legal obligation, or in order to enforce or apply our terms and conditions and/or any other agreement with you; or to protect the rights, property, or safety of King, our users, or others;
in the event that there is a sale of the assets of King or corporate restructuring, or as a result of a change of control of King or one of its group companies, or in preparation of any of these events. Any third party to which King transfers of sells King’s assets will have the right to continue to use the personal and other information that you provide to us in the manner set out in this Privacy Policy. We will not sell or rent your information to any third party outside of these circumstances.
  7 For how long will we retain your information?
We will retain your Personal Information for as long as is necessary to fulfil the purposes for which it was collected or as needed to provide you with services relating to our Website. We may retain your Personal Information after we have ceased providing services to you if retention of your Personal Information is reasonably necessary to comply with our legal obligations, meet regulatory requirements, resolve disputes, prevent fraud or abuse, or to enforce this Privacy Policy or any other agreement we may have with a user.
8 Will we transfer your Personal Information overseas?
Your Personal Information may be transferred to, and stored at, a destination outside the European Economic Area ("EEA"). It may also be processed by staff operating outside the EEA who work for us or for one of our suppliers. We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your Personal Information is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
  9 How do we protect your Personal Information?
The security of your Personal Information is important to us. We maintain appropriate technical and physical safeguards to protect your Personal Information against accidental or unlawful destruction or loss, alteration, unauthorised disclosure or access, use and all other unlawful forms of processing of the data in our possession. We use the same level of skill in protecting your Personal Information as other similar website providers. However, since the internet is not a completely secure environment we cannot guarantee that information you transmit via our Website will not be accessed, disclosed, altered or destroyed by breach of any of our safeguards.
10 Links from our Services
We may provide links to third party websites from our Website. You understand that when you click on these links any data which you provide thereafter is subject to such third party’s privacy policy (if any) and not to ours. Although we will endeavour only to link to reputable websites, King takes no responsibility for the content, safety or security of any third party website.
11 Your rights in relation to your Personal Information
  You have the right to request a copy of the information that we hold about you. If you would like a copy of some or all of your Personal Information, please contact us at privacy@support.king.com - we may make a small charge for this.
We want to make sure that your Personal Information is accurate and up to date. You may ask us to modify, correct or remove information by contacting us at the email address above.
You have the right to ask us not to use your Personal Information for marketing purposes. To change your marketing preferences, or to unsubscribe, please contact us at privacy@support.king.com
  12 How to contact us
To find out more about how your Personal Information will be used please contact us by email at the address above.
13 Complaints
We hope that you won’t have any complaints about us or our Services. If you are unhappy with our use of your Personal Information then please contact our customer services department by emailing privacy@support.king.com
You also have the right to complain to your local data protection authority if there is a problem.
14 Legal matters
If any court or other competent authority finds any of the terms of this Privacy Policy to be invalid or unenforceable, the other terms of this Privacy Policy will not be affected.
This Privacy Policy is governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of England. Any dispute arising in connection with this Privacy Policy will be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of England unless you choose the courts of your home country. 

We are constantly innovating and looking for new ways to improve our Services and our Website. We may therefore amend this Privacy Policy from time to time to reflect such improvements or any other changes to our business. We will endeavour to tell you about any significant changes to this Privacy Policy which we feel may disadvantage you in any material way. If you object to any of the changes you should immediately stop using our Services and close any account you may have with us. 

This Privacy Policy was last updated on 12 February 2014.

