PRIVACY STATEMENT

Introduction

Machine Zone develops and publishes social games for the web and mobile (the "Service"). In this policy, "Machine Zone" refers to Machine Zone LLC and its Affiliates, which shall mean subsidiaries, parent companies, joint ventures and other corporate entities under common ownership. We may also refer to Machine Zone as "We" or "Us".

This Privacy Policy describes:

The information We collect, how we do so and the purposes of our collection

How We use and with whom We share such information

How you can access and update such information

The choices you can make about how We collect, use and share your information

How We protect the information We store about you

If you have questions regarding this Privacy Policy or our collection and use of information, please contact us as described in the Section "Contact Us".

Information We Collect

When you use any Machine Zone game, also referred to as an "application" or "app", you get access to its online community within that game and you allow Machine Zone to access certain information from your profile for that application. The information you allow Machine Zone to access varies by application, and it is affected by the privacy settings you and your friends establish in that application. You can control and find out more about these settings within the application. For example, Machine Zone may access and store some or all of the following information, as allowed by you and your preferences:

Your in-game username

Your device's MAC address

Facebook User ID

Facebook Fan Status

Your physical location and that of your access devices

By playing a Machine Zone game, you are authorizing Machine Zone to collect, store, and use in accordance with this Privacy Policy any and all information that you agreed the application could provide to Machine Zone through the EULA - End User License Agreement - posted on the application portal you downloaded the app from. Your agreement takes place when you "accept" or "allow" (or similar terms) one of our applications.

Information We Collect from You Directly

When you interact with the application, at http://www.machinezone.com, or any Machine Zone-owned website, We may collect and store information from you directly as described below:

Registration Information

We may allow you to "register" with Us by using Facebook Connect or other Application authentication options to create an account or profile within the Service. We may also provide a more typical registration flow where you may be required to provide the following information: your age or birthday (for age screening and/or to better understand who our users are); your e-mail address; a password and other information that helps Us confirm that it is you accessing your account.

We may also offer you the option to complete a user profile that is visible to other Machine Zone users. Your user profile may include: a profile image; one or more game username(s); and a Machine Zone user ID number that is created by Machine Zone and used to identify your profile.

Information We Receive or Collect When You Access Machine Zone Games on a Mobile Device

If you play Machine Zone games on your mobile telephone or other mobile device, including iPads and tablets, we collect mobile device identifiers, including MAC Address, and possibly IP Address. In certain games we will create and assign to your device an identifier that is similar to an account number. We may collect the name you have associated with your device, device type, telephone number, country, and any other information you choose to provide, such as user name, character name, geo-location or e-mail address. We may also access your contacts to enable you to invite friends to join you in the Service.

Payment Information

Machine Zone may also receive the billing and payment information that you provide when your purchase is processed by another party, such as Facebook (for Facebook Credits), Apple (for purchases on iOS devices), Google (for purchases on Android devices), or Amazon (for purchases on Kindle devices).

Customer Support Correspondence

When you ask for assistance from our Customer Support team, we will collect and store the contact information you provide (generally your name and e-mail address), information about your game play or activity on the Service, and your username or ID number. We will also store the correspondence and any information contained within.

Push Notifications & Local Notifications

With your consent we may send push notifications to your mobile device to provide game updates and other relevant messages. You can manage push notifications from the Social section within the relevant game.

Technical and Usage Information

When you access our websites or play our games, We collect (i) certain technical information about your mobile device or computer system, including MAC Address, IP Address and mobile device ID; and (ii) usage statistics about your interactions with the Service. This information is typically collected through the use of server log files or web log files ("Log Files"), mobile device software development kits and tracking technologies like browser cookies to collect and analyze certain types of technical information. Some of the cookies the Service places on your computer are linked to your user ID number(s). For more information on how We utilize cookies and other tracking technologies please review the "Cookies and Automated Information Collection" discussion under ("How We Collect Information about You").

HOW WE COLLECT INFORMATION ABOUT YOU

We may collect information about you in any one or more of the following ways:

Information about Players and Play

To provide a richer game play and social experience, We collect information about your play and interaction with other players. The bulk of this information is collected and stored through the use of Log Files, which are files on our web servers that record actions taken on our games and websites.

Communications Features

You may be able to take part in certain activities on our websites or games that give you the opportunity to communicate or share information not just with Machine Zone, but also with other users of our Service. These include:

Participating in player forums and message boards

Posting public comments to other users' profiles or gameboards

Sending private messages or invitations to other users, either directly on our websites or to their e-mail accounts

Chat with other users

Posting web links

We may record and store archives of these communications on Machine Zone's servers to protect the safety and well being of our users and Machine Zone's rights and property in connection with the service. You acknowledge and consent to the recording and storage of such communications for these purposes.

COOKIES AND AUTOMATED INFORMATION COLLECTION

When you access the Service, We collect certain technical information in order to (i) analyze the usage of our sites and services; (ii) provide a more personalized experience; and (iii) manage advertising. We and service providers acting on our behalf, such as Google Analytics, use Log Files and tracking technologies to collect and analyze certain types of technical information, including cookies, IP addresses, device type, device identifiers, browser types, browser language, referring and exit pages, and URLs, platform type, the number of clicks, domain names, landing pages, pages viewed and the order of those pages, the amount of time spent on particular pages, game state and the date and time of activity on our websites or games, and other similar information. In some cases, We will associate this information with your user ID number for our internal use.

We may also employ other technologies including (i) web beacons, which allow Us to know if a certain page was visited or whether an e-mail was opened; (ii) tracking pixels, which allow Us to advertise more efficiently by excluding our current users from certain promotional messages, identifying the source of a new installation or delivering ads to you on other websites; and (iii) local shared objects also known as flash cookies, which help Us to prevent fraud, remember your in-game preferences and speed up load times.

You can set your web browser to warn you about attempts to place cookies on your computer or limit the type of cookies you allow. Flash cookies operate differently than browser cookies and cookie management tools available in a web browser may not remove flash cookies. To learn more about and manage flash cookies you can visit adobe.com and make changes at the privacy settings panel. If you disable cookies, you may lose some of the features and functionality of playing our games, as Machine Zone cookies are necessary to track and enhance your game activities. Please note that companies delivering advertisements in our games or on our websites may also use cookies or other technologies, and those practices are subject to their own policies.

OTHER SOURCES

We may collect or receive information from other sources including (i) other Machine Zone users who choose to upload their email contacts; and (ii) third party information providers. This information will be used to supplement your profile - primarily to help you and your friends connect. It will be combined with other information We collect.

HOW WE USE THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT

In general, We collect, store and use your information to provide you with a safe, smooth, efficient, fun, and customized experience. For example, We may use information collected from you in any one or more of the following ways:

To create your game accounts and allow play of our games

To identify and suggest connections with other Machine Zone users

To enable user-to-user communications

To provide technical support and respond to user inquiries

To prevent fraud or potentially illegal activities, and enforce our Terms of Service

To deliver and target advertising

To notify users of in-game updates

To provide in-game leader boards and promote in-game player achievements

To solicit input and feedback to improve Machine Zone products and services and customize your user experience

To inform users about new products or promotional offers

To engage in commonly accepted practices, such as contacting you at the email address We have on file if you are a potential winner in a sweepstakes

One important use of your information is communication. If you have provided your e-mail address to Machine Zone, We'll use it to respond to (i) customer support inquiries, and (ii) keep you informed of your in-game activity, including comments from friends, notifications about in-game status and requests. Some messages, such as invites for friends to join you in a game, may include your name and profile photo. We may also send promotional e-mail messages and promotional messages ("Promotional Communications") directly or in partnership with parties other than Machine Zone. Each Promotional Communication will generally offer recipients choices about receiving additional messages.

SHARING OF YOUR INFORMATION

We will share your information (in some cases personal information) with third parties, that is parties other than Machine Zone, in the following circumstances:

Third Party Service Providers

We will provide your information to third party companies to perform services on our behalf, including payment processing, data analysis, e-mail delivery, hosting services, customer service and to assist Us in our marketing efforts. We direct all such third party service providers to maintain the confidentiality of the information disclosed to them and to not use your information for any purpose other than to provide services on Machine Zone's behalf.

Advertising of Third Party Products and Services

We do not actively share personal information with third party advertisers for their direct marketing purposes unless you give Us your consent. We may share (i) aggregated information (information about you and other users collectively, but not specifically identifiable to you); (ii) anonymous information; and (iii) certain technical information (including IP Addresses, MAC Addresses for mobile devices and mobile device IDs) to develop and deliver targeted advertising in the Service and on the websites of third parties. We may also allow advertisers to collect these types of information within the Service and they may share it with Us. Advertisers may collect this information through the use of tracking technologies like browser cookies and web beacons. The information collected may be used to offer you targeted ad-selection and delivery in order to personalize your user experience by ensuring that advertisements for products and services you see will appeal to you, a practice known as behavioral advertising, and to undertake web analytics (i.e. to analyze traffic and other end user activity to improve your experience). To learn more about behavioral advertising or to opt-out of this type of advertising for participating ad networks, you can visit the Network Advertising Initiative or the Digital Advertising Alliance.

Our collection, use, and disclosure of anonymous or aggregated information are not subject to any of the restrictions in this Privacy Policy.

Offer Walls

Machine Zone games or their purchase pages may display an "offer wall" that is hosted by an offer wall provider. The offer wall allows third party advertisers to provide virtual currency to users in exchange for interacting with an advertisement or for completing a marketing offer that may include signing up for an account with one of those advertisers. These are not offers made by Machine Zone. These offers may be displayed to you based on certain technical information, such as your geographic area or anonymous demographic information. After clicking on one of these advertisements, you will no longer be on a site hosted by Machine Zone or a partnering social network. To properly credit user accounts and to prevent fraud, a unique identifier, in some cases your user ID number, will be shared with the offer wall provider.

Safety, Security and Compliance with Law

Your information, and the contents of all of your online communications (including without limitation chat text, voice communications, IP addresses and your personal information) may be accessed and monitored as necessary to provide the Service and may be disclosed: (i) when We have a good faith belief that We are required to disclose the information in response to legal process (for example, a court order, search warrant or subpoena); (ii) to satisfy any applicable laws or regulations; (iii) where We believe that the Service is being used in the commission of a crime, including to report such criminal activity or to exchange information with other companies and organizations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction; (iv) when We have a good faith belief that there is an emergency that poses a threat to the health and/or safety of you, another person or the public generally; and (v) in order to protect the rights or property of Machine Zone.

Sale or Merger

In the event that Machine Zone undergoes a business transition, such as a merger, acquisition by another company, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, We may transfer all of your information, including personal information, to the successor organization in such transition. If material changes to Machine Zone's privacy practices will occur as a result of the business transition, We will notify you and other users (in the manner described in Changes to Our Privacy Policy below) of the business transition prior to transferring your personal information.

Our Policies Concerning Children

Our websites and games are not intended for children under the age of 13 and We do not knowingly collect any personal information from such children. Children under the age of 13 should not use our websites or games at any time. In the event that We learn that We have inadvertently gathered personal information from children under the age of 13, We will take reasonable measures to promptly erase such information from our records.

HOW TO ACCESS AND UPDATE YOUR INFORMATION

Information We Receive From an SNS Where You Play Our Games

To manage the information Machine Zone receives about you from an SNS where you play our games, you will need to follow the instructions at that site for updating your information and changing your privacy settings. The privacy management tools for applications on Facebook can be found here. The privacy management tools for Google + can be found here. You can manage certain aspects of information collection and use by going to the settings of your (mobile) device and reviewing the permissions of each application.

Once Machine Zone receives your information from an SNS, that information is stored and used by Machine Zone in accordance with this Privacy Policy, and you may access and update that information as described below. Game or other accounts created with Machine Zone are considered active until We receive a user request to delete them or deactivate them.

Other Methods of Accessing and Controlling your Information

If you no longer want Machine Zone to make active use of your information, you may send an e-mail to support@machinezone.com. Place "Delete My Account" in the subject line and include your first name, last name, e-mail address and user ID number from which you access our games (if applicable) in the body of the e-mail. We will respond to your request within thirty (30) days. Please note that certain records, for example those pertaining to payments or customer service matters, will be retained for legal and accounting purposes. If you have sent or posted content on the Service, We may not be able to delete it.

If you wish to review or change the information Machine Zone has about you, e-mail Us at the address provided herein.

You can turn off push notifications and local notifications by visiting the "notifications" page within the relevant game.

You can stop further use of your geo-location by visiting your device's settings for the relevant application or the "settings" page for the relevant game.

If you have additional questions about this Privacy Policy, contact Us at support@machinezone.com

Your Sharing and Messaging Options

Information We Receive from Third Party SNS Where You play a Machine Zone Game If you play our games at a third-party SNS, Machine Zone will be able to access and store profile and other information about you as described above. The categories of information you share with Us will depend, in part, on the permissions you grant Us and the privacy settings you have established at the SNS where you access the application. Machine Zone does not offer an "opt out" option for specific fields that are shared by the SNS where you access and play the game(s).

Opting Out of Push Communications

When you install our apps on your mobile device you can choose to receive push notifications. You can turn off push notifications by visiting the "options" or "settings" page within the relevant game. You may also receive local notifications. You can turn off local notifications by visiting the "options" or "settings" page within the relevant game.

Privacy Policies of Linked Sites and Advertisers

Our websites and games may contain advertisements from companies other than Machine Zone that may link to their own websites. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites. If you have any questions about how these other websites use your information, you should review their policies and contact them directly.

Security of Your Information

Machine Zone implements reasonable security measures to protect the security of your information both online and offline, and We are committed to the protection of customer information.

While We take reasonable precautions against possible security breaches of our websites and our customer databases and records, no website or Internet transmission is completely secure, and We cannot guarantee that unauthorized access, hacking, data loss, or other breaches will never occur. We urge you to take steps to keep your personal information safe (including your account password), and to log out of your account after use. If your account is hacked, this may lead to unauthorized play of your Machine Zone games, so be careful to keep your account information secure. If you have questions about the security of our websites, please contact us at support@machinezone.com

Unfortunately, the transmission of information over the Internet is not completely secure. Although We strive to protect your personal data, We cannot guarantee the security of your data while it is being transmitted to our site; any transmission is at your own risk. Once We have received your information, We have procedures and security features in place to try to prevent unauthorized access.

Changes to Our Privacy Policy

If We decide to make material changes to our Privacy Policy, We will notify you and other users by placing a notice on Machine Zone.com or by sending you a notice to the e-mail address We have on file for you. We may supplement this process by placing notices in our games and on other Machine Zone websites. You should periodically check http://www.machinezone.com and this privacy page for updates.

Your California Privacy Rights

We do not share personal information with third parties for their direct marketing purposes unless you affirmatively agree to such disclosure, typically by "opting in" to receive information from a third party that is participating in a sweepstakes or other promotion on one of our sites. If you do ask Us to share your personal information with a third party for its marketing purposes, We will only share information in connection with that specific promotion, as We do not share information with any third party (other than our service providers) on a continual basis. To prevent disclosure of your personal information for use in direct marketing by a third party, do not opt in to such use when you provide personal information on one of our sites.

Right to Access

Users in certain jurisdictions have a right to access personal information held about themselves. Your right of access can be exercised in accordance with applicable law. Please submit any requests for access to your personal data in writing to support@machinezone.com

Contact Us

If you have any questions, comments or concerns regarding our Privacy Policy and/or practices, please send an e-mail to support@machinezone.com

© Machine Zone, 2012. All Rights Reserved.

Machine Zone, Inc. | Terms Of Service | Privacy Policy

Copyright © 2015 Machine Zone, Inc. All rights reserved.

Game Of War - Fire Age is a trademark of Machine Zone, Inc. in the United States and other jurisdictions.