OUTFIT7 PRIVACY POLICY
As used in this Privacy Policy, “Outfit7″, “we”, “us” or “our”, “ours” refers to Outfit7 Limited, registered at 5th Floor, 52-54 Gracechurch Street, London, EC3V 0EH, UK, with business address at Klimataria 11, 4607 Pissouri, Cyprus, and all of its subsidiaries. For general information please feel free to contact us via http://outfit7.com/contact/ and for privacy questions via privacy@outfit7.com. (1)
This Privacy Policy is part of and incorporated by reference into the End User License Agreement (the “EULA”) governing the use of all “Outfit7” branded software applications (the “Application/s”), which may operate on any type of computing device (including without limitation, a mobile device), and applies to your use of the Applications and/or the http://outfit7.com, http://talking-ginger.com http://tfsuperstar.com, http://talkingtom.com, and http://talkingangela.com websites (the “Website/s”). This Privacy Policy covers how we collect, use, disclose, transfer and store information received about you and/or information received about your computing device through your use of the Applications or the Website.
By agreeing to the EULA and/or using the Applications or the Website, you specifically consent to the collection, use and disclosure of your information (including personal information) in accordance with this Privacy Policy. We may receive and/or you may be asked to provide your information (including personal information) any time you are in contact with us or use the Applications or the Website. As described in greater detail below, we may share this information (including personal information) with our affiliates and with third party partners (as defined below) and use it in ways consistent with this Privacy Policy. We may also use your information (including personal information) together with other information to provide and improve products, services, content, and advertising.
In addition to the general content of this Privacy Policy which is applicable to all Applications, some of the Applications have special clauses that apply just to them. Such Applications are:
-        My Talking Tom
-       My Talking Angela
  Collection of Device and Technical Information (2)
We automatically obtain certain information about your computing device, including:
IP address;
Unique device identifiers, such as UDIDs;
ZIP code and telephone area code where your device is located;
Language;
Country code;
Time zone, session start/stop time, locale (specific location where a given language is spoken);
Network status (WiFi, etc.), browser plug-in types and versions;
Agent version, platform, SDK version, timestamp;
Geolocation data sufficient to identify street name and name of a city or town is not being collected;
Outfit7 Applications installed;
Technical device information (e.g. device model and name, operating system name and version, CPU information, storage size, screen size, firmware, software, mobile phone carrier, Internet service provider, API key identifier for application, iOS Identifier for Advertising, Media Access Control (MAC) address, International Mobile Equipment Identity (IMEI)  ); and
Whether you subscribed to newsletter and push notifications via your device, provided that this information will be used only in order to maintain or analyze the functioning of our Application and to personalize the content in the Application.
Although some of this information (such as UDID) may uniquely identify your device, this information does not identify you personally. Some legislation (such as US) may treat information that uniquely identifies your device as personal information.

Collection of Advertising and Application Usage Information  
When you use the Applications or the Website, we may collect additional information by using device identifiers in a form that does permit identification of your device. The information collected includes:
Which advertisements are shown;
Length of time an advertisement is visible and the size of the advertisement;
Advertisement response (if any), including clicks on ads;
Angle of view;
Application usage information, including in-game location;
Website usage information; and
Characteristics obtained by your use, such as data about pages of our Website or Applications that were viewed during your visit, any actions or movements within the Website or Applications and movements to/from the website from/to another website, date and time, page response times, download errors, length of visits to certain pages, page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs).
Collection of Classical Personal Information  
We may also collect personally identifiable information about you (such as your name and surname, email address), as well as non-personally identifiable information that you provide us, when you voluntarily register with Outfit7, request information using the Website or Applications, or contact us directly. For the My Talking Tom App and the My Talking Angela App we also collect the information about the name you give to Tom/Angela and your rating of the Application (if any).

Sharing of Information Upon Your Request  (3)
When you want to share the content you created within the Application on Facebook, you allow us to access certain information from your Facebook profile. The information you allow us to access varies by Application, and it is affected by the privacy settings you and your friends establish on Facebook. You can control and find out more about these settings at Facebook.
By using the Application to share content on Facebook, you are authorizing us to collect, store, and use any and all information, in accordance with this Privacy Policy, that you agreed that Facebook could provide to us through the Facebook Application Programming Interface (“API”). Your agreement takes place when you “accept” or “allow” (or similar terms) one of our applications on Facebook.
We may access and store some or all of the following information, as allowed by you, Facebook and your preferences: (i) your basic information; (ii) your photos and videos. The Application may further ask you to allow us to (i) post on Facebook on your behalf (e.g. photos, (postcards), videos and status updates) and to (ii) manage your notifications (access your notifications and mark them as read). Please keep in mind that we will only do that if specifically directed by you and will not store any of the above information on our servers. We will merely store the necessary information within the Application on your device so that the Application will be able to communicate with Facebook directly; we will not use your personal information for any other purpose. Voice recordings from Applications are also only being collected and stored within the Applications upon your request.
When you want to share the content you created within the Application on YouTube, you allow Outfit7 to access certain information from your YouTube profile. Outfit7 may access your user name and use your credentials to post on YouTube on your behalf. Please keep in mind that Outfit7 will only do that if specifically directed by you and will not store any of the above information on its servers. It will merely store the necessary information within the Application on your device so that the Application will be able to communicate with YouTube directly; Outfit7 will not use your personal information for any other purpose.
Before posting to Facebook/YouTube via our Applications you are required to log in to your account or create an account, meaning that you also accept Facebook’s/YouTube’s privacy policy for the data you provide to them via our Application. Similarly, for posting on Twitter you accept the terms and conditions of Twitter for the data you provide to them via our Application (e.g. videos etc.).
The Jigty Puzzles App (4) enables the functionality to challenge a friend, where you choose your friend and he/she will receive a FB notification. Once the friend clicks on such a notification, the Jigty Puzzles Application will be downloaded and he/she will receive the puzzle you solved, your time, number of used puzzles, rotation info, and he/she will also be able to see your profile picture. By using the“challenge a friend”functionality you adhere to such use of your information. Due to the nature of the gameplay, the Jigty Puzzles App is not intended for children under the age of 13.

Collection of Data Log Files (5)
The Application might automatically send anonymized and obfuscated data log files to us that contain detailed information on your usage of the Application (e.g. data log files containing chat history, where (i) such history cannot be attributed to any individual person; and (ii) any personal details that you provide us voluntarily (e.g. personal names, addresses, numbers, places, etc.) are obfuscated/deleted within an app before they are sent to us). The data logs from you shall be assigned an ID that cannot be traced back to your device and your device identification shall be immediately deleted from our system. Such data log files are used solely for the purpose of analysis, development and improvement of individual functions within the Application with the aim of making the Application more appealing to users. The data logs will not be disclosed to third parties. Any such collection of data log files shall be clearly disclosed within the description of the Application on the market and an implied but informed consent shall be deemed to be given to us by downloading and using the Application.
For the Talking Angela App we might ask you for your age, provided that this data shall be visible to us only on aggregated level, meaning that the age you provide shall not be seen in your data log but will be hashed in the app and we will not be able to connect it with your specific device ID. The age information shall be used only for making the Application more appealing to users.
For the My Talking Tom App and My Talking Angela App we are collecting statistical data about the gameplay. Such data includes, for example: how you use the in-app functionalities, such as how long you play with the Application; what items you give Tom/Angela to eat; what he/she wears; how you decorate his/her apartment; how you navigate through our Application; the time and duration of your use of the Application; and how many gold coins you have etc. Additionally, for the My Talking Angela App, we are collecting data about which user sent which sticker/message to which user and which user bought/sold which sticker from/to which user and for how many gold coins. We will only use such statistical data for our internal purposes of developing, delivering, improving and tailoring our products, services, content, and understanding and analyzing trends in connection with the usage of the Application, and administering the Application and customer communications. This information may be connected with your device ID and will be used only in order to maintain or analyze the functioning of our Application and to personalize the content in the Application.

Our Use of Cookies and Related Technologies (6)
For information about cookies and related (7) technologies, please visit our“Cookie & Advertising Policy”available at:
-        Websites: http://outfit7.com/cookies/
-        Shop & Superstar Websites http://talkingfriends.com/pages/out-fit-7s-cookie-advertising-policy
-        Apps: http://outfit7.com/app-cookies/
  Our Use of Information (8)
We use the information we collect about you/your computing device to deliver services to you and to operate our business. Such use by us and by our Partners may include:
Delivering our services: developing, delivering and improving our products, services, and content, tailoring our products and services, understanding and analyzing trends in connection with usage of the Applications and the Website, administering the Applications and the Website, and customer communications. For information that can be treated as personal information in some legislation, we use only device identifiers.
Displaying advertisements: when you use our Applications or Websites we may display advertisements and in order to do that we must use some of your device data, namely your device identifier.
Tracking of advertising for the Jigty Puzzles Application: we may track installs of our apps through other advertising platforms for the purposes of contextual advertising by using third partners (such as Tune). Our third party providers may use the information so gathered, but only in aggregated and anonymized manner. Some providers, such as Tune, may use the data from cookies set by Facebook in order to track our advertising campaigns via Facebook; you give your consent to such collection and usage of your data. For opting out from your device identifier being used for such purposes please visit Opt-Out Section of this Privacy Policy.
Analytics and research: understanding and analyzing trends in connection with the usage of the Applications and the Website, auditing, learning about user behavior within the Applications and the Websites (how often you use the Application/Website, the events that occur within the Application/Website, aggregated usage, performance data etc.), gathering demographic information about our user base, data about where the Application was downloaded from. For information that can be treated as personal information in some legislation, we use only device identifiers.
For the Jigty Puzzles Application (9) we use unrestricted version of Flurry analytics and Clips Recommendation, meaning that that we track whether a user completes viewing of entire video advertisement. Unrestricted version of Flurry analytics enables the usage of User Acquisition Analytics service, benchmarks, personas, rawDataAPI, geolocation data, with collecting your device ID which is hashed to Flurry ID. For more information please visit http://www.flurry.com/privacy-policy.html and our Cookie Policy found at http://outfit7.com/app-cookies/. You can opt out of Flurry Analytics tracking and personalized ads/recommendations by using http://www.flurry.com/user-opt-out.html.
For a detailed explanation about what information is being used for what purposes and by which Partners please see the “Cookie” section of this Privacy Policy.

Newsletters and Push Notifications
We will use the e-mail, your (10) name and surname and other online contact information only for the purposes you provide it to us, which is for sending newsletters, push notifications and for replying to your specific e-mail requests. We will not share this data with third parties. You may unsubscribe at any time by informing us on: unsubscribe@talkingfriends.com. By doing so we will delete your e-mail.
You will be asked to accept or deny push notifications after an Application is downloaded. If you deny, you will not receive push notifications. If you accept, you may disable push notifications later on by using settings on your mobile phone.
Android: Tapand then scroll to the bottom of the menu >Tap Privacy Settings > Notifications > Mobile Push > un-check the things you don’t want to get notifications about;
iPhone: Open your settings by tapping  > Tap Notifications  >  Facebook  >  Tap and slide “Notification Center” to Off  >  Set “View in Lock Screen” to Off  > Set “Alert Style” to Off; iPad:  Open your settings by tapping    >  Tap Notifications  >  Facebook   >  Tap and slide “Notification Center” to Off   > Set “View in Lock Screen” to Off    > Set “Alert Style” to None
For the restriction on the usage of information in the US please see ‘Children information collection for the US territory’ Section of this Privacy Policy.

Survey (11)
From time to time we may conduct an e-mail and/or an in-app survey and collect demographic and usage information for the purposes of internal analysis and brand development. Participating in a survey is completely voluntary. We will use the information to make our services more appealing to users. Collected information shall be anonymized and aggregated. We might collect the flowing information: age and gender of the user of an app, whether another person uses the app, the age and gender of the people regularly using the app, assessment of likeliness of the main character, which of the characters are known to the user, which app is most commonly used, whether children under the age of 13 use the app on their own or with an adult, the gender of users playing the app, different ways of using the app, an assessment of the features of an app, the time period of using the app, which apps the user has, which Talking Friends Products have been bought or have been considered, what would make the app more appealing, and other information needed for the purposes of internal analysis and brand development.
We may use third party providers for the in-app surveys and they may place their tags within an Application to collect non-personally identifiable data from the device (”Tag Data”) solely for the purposes of conducting the survey, such as to collect cross device information in order to enable the deduplication of audiences across devices. These providers may use the data collected from the survey and Tag Data on anonymized and aggregated basis together with the data from other partners (”Unified Data”) to publish syndicated reports on internet behavior and trends. If you do not wish to receive promotional, marketing or research materials please send an e-mail to unsubscribe@talkingfriends.com and your e-mail will be excluded from our user database. If you do so you will no longer receive special and discount offers from us. If you wish to opt out from conducting an in-app survey, do not click on the survey button or, if you do so, do not answer the survey.

Storing of Information (12)
For EU Countries
We store personal information as long as it is needed for the provision of our services. Traffic information is erased or made anonymous when it is no longer needed for the purpose of the transmission or, in the case of payable services, up to the end of the period during which the bill may lawfully be challenged or payment pursued. Location information is stored to the extent and for the duration necessary for the provision of a value-added service. Cookies, direct marketing and provision of value-added services information (including traffic information used for these purposes) is stored as long as the same is necessary for the provision of these activities, or up to the time when a user opts out from such use in accordance with this Privacy Policy and the “Access to Personal Information” section herein. Other information is stored for as long as we consider it to be necessary for the provision of our services. This section shall not prevent any technical storage or access to information for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication or as strictly necessary in order for us to provide the service you requested.
For US countries
We will retain collected information for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by applicable legislation.
Storing might be different depending on the territory of collecting the information and the applicable legislation, but we always strive to store the information only as long as it is needed for the purposes of providing, improving or personalizing our services.

Deletion of Information
When information is no longer needed, we shall delete it using reasonable measures to protect the information from unauthorized access or use.

Disclosure to Third Parties (13)
We cannot provide all services necessary for the successful operation of the Applications or the Website by ourselves. We must therefore share collected information with third parties, including third party advertising companies, that assist us in delivering advertising to you that allows us to continue offering the Applications for free or at a low cost.
We have therefore contracted with certain third party advertising networks, such as Apple (iAds), Google (AdMob), InMobi, MobClix, Millennial Media (for privacy terms please visit http://www.millennialmedia.com/privacy-policy/), Tapjoy, Mobclix, Chartboost, Nexage, JumpTap, MoPub Marketplace, Hunt Mobile, Vpon TW, Vpon CN, Madhouse, DoMob, Cauly, Youmi, Yume, Brightroll, Tremor, Smartclip, Xaxsis, SponsorPay, Aarki, SupersonicAds, AdColony, Leadbolt, Taptica, Vdopia, DMG, LoopMe Media, Daum Communications (aka ADAM), SK Planet (aka TAD), NativeX, Vungle, HyprMX Mobile, Inneractive, IGAWorks, Faad, VideoPlaza., MobFox, Ads Yolo, Token Ads, Offers Total, Ad Sense, WAPSTART, PML, Plenus, Vserve, LifeStreet, Smaato, 4th Screen, mBrands3, Greystripe, Facebook, mNectar, Mezzo Media, NAS Media, Mocoplex, TNK Factory, i-Mobile, Marimedia, Todacell, IQzone, Adways, Applifier and Bee7.
We have also contracted statistical services providers, such as Apsalar, Flurry, Tune, and Google analytics (for Applications) and Google analytics (for Websites) and other third party service providers that support the Applications and the Website (collectively referred to as “Partners”). Our Partners provide services such as advertising marketing, information processing, customer information management and enhancement, statistical analysis, customer research and analysis, satisfaction surveys and customer profiling. We may contract with additional Partners or change existing Partners in the future to perform any services in connection with the Applications or the Website.
For detailed information about information collection and the usage practices of our partners please see the “Cookie” section of this Privacy Policy. For any additional questions about third party information collection please refer to privacy@outfit7.com.

Use of Information by our Partners (14)
We may share information that we have collected with our Partners for the purposes of delivering our services, displaying advertisements and conducting analysis and research. We may share information that can be used to personally identify your device (e.g. persistent identifiers such as UDID, and IP address). Our Partners are not allowed to use the information for any other purpose (other than the one listed above) or share them with third parties. We strive to commit our Partners to using the information solely for the purposes as stated above. If they use information that might be considered as personal information, they should use it solely for the purposes of contextual advertising, but for any other purposes they should use the information solely on anonymized and aggregated basis. Notwithstanding the above, we cannot guarantee that our Partners will adhere to the contractual obligations or acceptable business practices.
In addition, Partners may use their own tracking technologies (including and without limitation: cookies, Web beacons, HTTP cache, and local shared objects) to compile anonymous information about users of the Applications and visitors to the Website. Partners may share anonymous information that they collect with their clients, including the date and time a banner ad was shown and the specific ad shown. We strive to ensure that this information is only disclosed to such third parties in an anonymized and aggregated manner.
Unlike the tracking technologies used by us in the content we control on the Website and in the Applications, we do not control or have access to the information collected by our Partners using their own tracking technologies. Their information gathering practices, including their policies regarding the use of cookies, Web beacons, and other tracking technologies, are governed by their own privacy policies, not this one. We strive to adhere to the generally accepted industry practices regarding the collection and the usage of information by our Partners and to limit their usage to the services they provide for us.
While we strive to protect the information provided to our Partners, we have no direct control over their use of the collected information and therefore you acknowledge that we are not liable for any third party privacy breach and that our liability for our Partners’breaches is limited to the amount we are able to receive as indemnification from our Partners (legal costs exempted).
We reserve the right to disclose your information (including personally identifiable information) in response to law, legal process, litigation, and/or requests from public and governmental authorities within or outside your country of residence. We may also disclose information about you if we determine that for purposes of national security, law enforcement, or other issues of public importance, disclosure is necessary or appropriate. We may also disclose information about you if we determine that disclosure is reasonably necessary to enforce our terms and conditions or to protect our operations, users or user experience. Additionally, in the event of a reorganization, merger or sale we may transfer any and all information (including personally identifiable information) we collect to the relevant third party.
Some of the Applications allow you to submit content generated in or by the Applications to third party sites like Facebook and YouTube. These submissions follow the information transfer protocols for such third parties, which are designed to enable content sharing with such third parties and generally prevent any storage of information necessary for access to such third party services by us. In addition, we may receive certain information (which may include your personally identifiable information) from such third parties through the use of Application Programming Interfaces provided by such third parties. These third party sites are governed by their own privacy policies and end user agreements and we are not responsible for, and have no control over, the sharing practices or policies of the third parties that operate those sites. For additional questions you can contact us at privacy@outfit7.com.
For the My Talking Angela and My Talking Tom Apps we use Google Analytics for the purposes of delivering our services, conducting analysis and research. To get more information about how your data is being collected and processed you can visit the site “How Google uses data when you use our partners’ sites or apps” located at www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/. Additionally we have also integrated Google Play Developer Console data like Impressions, Downloads, and Traffic Sources into aGoogle Analytics account to see how many times people viewed or downloaded our apps from Google Play.

Third Party Terms and Conditions
Please note that your access to and ability to use and interact with the Applications and the Website may be subject to certain third party terms and conditions and privacy policies, including but not limited to application stores, mobile software platforms, online gaming platforms, social networking services, statistics services providers and payment providers. You recognize and agree that Outfit7 is not liable for any such third party terms and conditions and their use of your personal information.

Protection of Personal Information
We have implemented reasonable security measures to protect the confidentiality, security and integrity of the collected information, prevention of unauthorized access and the use of information contrary to this Privacy Policy. Although we use commercially reasonable efforts to assure that your information remains secure when maintained by us, please be aware that no security measures are perfect or impenetrable.

Integrity of Personal Information
We strive to enable you to keep your information accurate, complete and up to date. You can access, check and ensure the integrity of your information as described below.

Access to Personal Information (15)
We make good faith efforts to provide you with access to the personal information you provide to us/that is associated with your account. You can also request that we correct or delete information, provided that we are not required to retain such information by law or for legitimate business purposes.
We may decline to process requests that are unreasonably repetitive, require disproportionate technical effort, jeopardize the privacy of others, are extremely impractical, or for which access is not otherwise required by local law. Access, correction or deletion requests can be made through the Outfit7 website at http://outfit7.com/contact/. For some of our Applications we may develop in-app deletion request functionality which can be used in addition to the address above.

Children
Our products and services are not directed to, and we do not knowingly collect personal information from, children under 13, however we consider ourselves to be family oriented. If we learn that we have collected personal information of a child under 13, we will take all reasonable steps to delete the information as soon as possible. If you become aware that your child has provided us with personal information without your consent, please contact us at http://outfit7.com/contact/.

Information Collection Relating to Children for the US Territory
For the Applications available in the territory of United States or in the District of Columbia we have decided to voluntarily implement higher child protection standards in order to reserve the family-friendly reputation of our Applications. The only personal information we collect from you in these territories for the purposes of offering our services are persistent identifiers (such as device ID, UDID, IP address) which we use solely for support for the internal operations meaning to place contextual advertisement (including frequency capping), to authenticate users of or personalize the content on Applications, to maintain or analyze the functioning of the Applications, personalize the content of the Application (such as sending push notifications), to perform network communications to protect the security or integrity of the user or the Application, to ensure legal or regulatory compliance, and to respond directly to your one-time basis or multiple times specific request.
When using the persistent identifiers we will not contact you, display behavioral advertising to you, nor do any user tracking or profiling. In addition, we strive that all of our advertising partners adhere to the same standards for the collection and usage of your personal information as we do, but we can however not be responsible if they breach the commitments they gave to us regarding the collection of information. In case of such breaches you agree that our liability is limited to the amounts we are able to receive as indemnification for the breaches from our advertising partner. In addition we have disabled all sharing functionalities in our Applications, but you can still create postcards and record videos and images, as long as you store them on your device (to Photos in iOS and to Gallery on Android).
We will store the e-mails from users who subscribe to newsletters about our products and services and you may unsubscribe at any time by informing us on unsubscribe@talkingfriends.com. By doing so we will delete your e-mail. The e-mails will be used solely for the purpose of sending newsletters and will not be shared with any third party. In addition we have disabled newsletter subscriptions for users 13 and under. We will use reasonable efforts to inform parents about the collection practices as stated herein. Furthermore, we strive to ensure that the content of the newsletters will always be family-friendly.
We will send push notifications to users who allow us to do so, in order to inform them about our products and services and to reengage them in terms of using the Application. By clicking on the “allow” button you accept push notifications, but you may unsubscribe at any time by changing the preferences/settings on your device. We strive to ensure that the content of the push notifications will always be family-friendly. Push notifications are local, contextual and sent in app only and not from a server or in conjunction with other user information.
Any terms or conditions in this privacy policy that contradicts with the limited collection or usage of information described in this Section shall not be applicable for the territory of the United States or in the District of Columbia.

Third Party Sites
Our Applications, Websites, products and services may contain links to third party websites, products, or services. For example, the Applications may feature offers from third party advertisers or the ability to engage in transactions with such entities. Please note that while using such third party offerings, you are using sites, products, and services developed and administered by people or companies not affiliated with or controlled by us. We are not responsible for the actions of those people or companies, the content of their sites, products or services, the use of information you provide to them, or any products or services they may offer. Our link to such third parties does not constitute our sponsorship of, or affiliation with, those people or companies. Nor is such linking an endorsement of such third party’s privacy or information security policies or practices or their compliance with laws. Information collected by third parties, which may include such things as location information or contact details, is governed by their privacy practices. These other websites or services may place their own cookies or other files on your computing device, collect information or solicit personal information from you. We encourage you to learn about the privacy practices of third parties with which you interact.
We are not responsible or liable for your interaction with such third parties, the information requests initiated by such third parties, or the subsequent use, treatment or dissemination of information you voluntarily choose to provide to them.

In-App Purchases  (16)
Although some of our Applications are free, they include in-app purchases. In-app purchases may be made only upon entering the app store password and you are responsible for maintaining the security of such password. You should be aware of the 20-minute window after the downloading of an Application, during which in-app purchases may be made without inserting an in-app store password. You should also take into account that OS 2.1 or older versions of Android mobile phones do not require entering of the app store account password to carry out in-app purchases. 

Opt-Out (17)
You are always free to opt-out from the future collection of your personal information by Outfit7 in accordance with this Privacy Policy by uninstalling all the Applications from each of your computing devices and discontinuing use of the Website. You may opt out of Tune advertising tracking at https://www.optoutmobile.com/optout.

Transfer of Data
You give us your consent to transfer any data, including personal data acquired from you, to any third party in case of a transfer of all or substantially all of our business or assets, whether by sale, merger, internal restructuring, to an Affiliate or otherwise at any time.

Changes to Our Privacy Policy (18)
We will occasionally update this Privacy Policy as necessary to protect our users, furnish current information, and respond to legal and technical changes. The most current version of the Privacy Policy will govern our use of your information and will be available at http://outfit7.com/privacy/.
Should you request so by informing us on privacy@outfit7.com, we will send you all the updates of this privacy policy to your e-mail. We will also inform you about any material updates of our privacy policy with an in-app banner and a link.

Privacy Questions (19)
If you have questions or concerns about Outfit7’s Privacy Policy or information processing, please contact us through privacy@outfit7.com.
In addition, we have disabled all sharing functionalities in our Applications for the users that do not pass the age screening, but you can still create postcards and record videos and images as long as you store them on your device (to Photos in iOS and to Gallery on Android) and then share them directly from the photo gallery to social networks or via e-mail.

PRIVO-Cert™ Safe Harbor Certification Program
Outfit7 is a Member of the PRIVO’s PRIVO-Cert™ Safe Harbor Certification Program (“the Program”). As a participating member in the Program, Outfit7 adheres to the strict information collection, use and disclosure requirements set forth by the Program. PRIVO is an independent, third-party organization committed to safeguarding children’s personal information collected online. PRIVO aims to help parents and their children exercise control over personal information while exploring the Internet. The PRIVO certification seal posted on this page indicates that Outfit7 has established COPPA compliant privacy practices and has agreed to submit to PRIVO’s oversight and consumer dispute resolution process. If you have questions or concerns about our privacy practices, please contact us at privacy@outfit7.com. If you have further concerns after you have contacted us, you can contact PRIVO directly at privacy@privo.com.
  Updated November 2014
1. Any general questions? Please visit: http://outfit7.com/contact/. Any privacy questions? Send us an e-mail to privacy@outfit7.com
2. We collect the data necessary for you to use our app and for us to maintain and analyze the functioning of the app, to personalize the content of the app, and to display contextual advertisements.
3. We access your social network profile if you ask us to display the content you created via our app within such network.
4. If you want to challenge your friend with Jigty Puzzles, you allow us to access his/hers account and give him/her your score. Make sure you get the permission.
5. To make our apps appealing to users, we must collect data logs about the usage of the app by you. But don’t worry, personal data is obfuscated/deleted within the app before we receive it and we tie the data to an ID we create that cannot be traced back to you.
6. Cookies on our online stores are needed for you to use the store. We also use cookies on our websites for conducting internal analysis about the usage of websites in order to make them more appealing.
7. We use technologies similar to cookies in our apps in order to display advertisements and to conduct analysis so that we can constantly improve our services.
8. We use the information we collect from you for delivering and promoting our services, internal analysis and research to improve the services and to display advertisements.
9. Jigty Puzzles App uses extended analytics and Clips Recommendations, which means that if you watch the whole video advertisement you may receive one time usage of paid puzzle as a reward. You can opt out by using http://www.flurry.com/user-opt-out.html.
10. To unsubscribe to newsletters please use: unsubscribe@talkingfriends.com. To unsubscribe from push notifications please use the settings menu of your mobile device.
11. We are conducting surveys in order to improve our services and you may freely decide whether you would like to help us or not.
12. We store your information for as long as needed to provide you with our services. We may store information longer, but only in a way that it cannot be tracked back to you. We delete the information as soon as we do not need them for providing our services.
13. We disclose the information to our advertising and analytics partners so that we can display advertisements and analyze the usage.
14. We obligate our partners to treat information in a confidential manner and to use them solely for the intended purposes. They adhere to this Privacy Policy, but in some cases we must use their Privacy Policy. If you need additional information about a specific partner, please write to us at privacy@outift7.com.
15. Access, correction or deletion requests regarding your personal information may be submitted to http://outfit7.com/contact/.
16. Our Applications enable in-app purchases.
17. We need information in order to provide you with our services. You can opt out from information collection only by uninstalling the Application. Opting out from advertising tracking may be done via https://www.optoutmobile.com/optout.
18. Please check http://outfit7.com/privacy/ regularly for changes to our Privacy Policy.
19. Any questions? Send us an e-mail to privacy@outfit7.com.
