Big Duck Games

Flow Free®

Archives

July 2012

June 2012

July 2011

June 2011

May 2011

Big Duck Games Privacy Policy

Fireworks Arcade

Spark Art

Privacy Policy

Big Duck Games LLC

Privacy Policy

The following Privacy Policy applies to all games of Big Duck Games (the “Game”) as well as any and all related web sites.

When you sign up to post in one of our forums or participate in any other manner, you may grant access to certain information such as your email address, your name, a unique user name, or other information you share, either directly or by granting access to your user account on social network such as Facebook or Google+. This and any other Personally Identifiable Information you provide, directly or indirectly, is collectively referred to as your “PII,” and is used to facilitate and enhance your player experience.

Only qualified staff and our trusted operational partners, who help Big Duck to deliver and service the Game, have access to your PII. Big Duck WILL NOT share your PII with anyone else or any other organization. Your PII WILL NEVER be sold or distributed in any form or for any other purpose unless approved by you.

Big Duck may use your PII for communications that we deem appropriate for you, as a Player, to play effectively and to enhance and enrich your experience in the Game or related web sites. For example, you may receive messages to inform you about your actions in the game or those of your friends, as well as important “Service Announcements” concerning any temporary site or system outages, plus any maintenance issues that may affect the level of service.

In addition, Big Duck may also offer you the opportunity to “opt in” to receive additional email communications, including Big Duck News Releases related to all the latest-breaking news, the launch of new Big Duck games, and announcements of all new Big Duck Games options and features.

If at any time a you indicate that you no longer want to receive communications from Big Duck, or if you wish to cancel your account, or to change or correct any of your PII, you are free to do so and your PII will be deleted, changed, or corrected as requested.

The Big Duck web sites may uses cookies to track how and when customers who visit the site. Cookies are pieces of information that a web site transfers to an individual’s hard drive for record keeping purposes. Cookies make web surfing easier by saving your passwords and other preferences for you. The use of cookies is an industry standard, and you will find most major web sites use them. Cookies also help us to see which areas of the site are popular and which are not. We can then improve the site based on this information.

The Game and Big Duck web sites may contain links to other sites; Big Duck Games is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites.

Big Duck will occasionally update this Privacy Policy. When we do, we will also revise the “Last Update” date at the bottom of this Privacy Policy. Big Duck will obtain your opt-in consent for any updates to this Privacy Policy that materially expand any sharing or use of your PII in ways not disclosed in this Privacy Policy at the time you registered.

If you have any questions or comments regarding this Privacy Policy, feel free to contact us at support@bigduckgames.com

Last Update: December 5, 2012

Comments Off

« Back to Home

Blog at WordPress.com.

The DePo Square Theme.

RSS Feed

View more by category: Uncategorized (8), Flow (1). .

Follow

Follow “Big Duck Games”

Get every new post delivered to your Inbox.

Join 131 other followers

Build a website with WordPress.com