PRIVACY POLICY

We are Shazam Entertainment Limited, a company registered in England under number 3998831 and we want to bring you the best media engagement service available. To do this, we (and some of our advertising partners) ask for data about you and also create data about your use of Shazam. This policy tells you what we do with that data. If you want to jump to a particular section of the policy – click on one of the links below:

1. What data do we collect and how?

2. How do we use your personal data?

3. Sharing data with third parties – key facts and how to opt-out

4. Links to other websites

5. Use of cookies

6. Sorry kids, over 13s only

7. How to access and correct your data (and a special note to California residents)

8. Changes to this Shazam privacy policy

9. Overseas data transfer

10. Select third party partners

If you have any questions or suggestions regarding our privacy policy, please contact us via email at privacy@shazamteam.com or via postal mail to: Privacy Team, Shazam Entertainment Limited, 26-28 Hammersmith Grove, London W6 7HA United Kingdom.

1. What data do we collect and how?

We will sometimes ask you for personal data (such as your name, telephone number and date of birth) when you create a Shazam registration or when you click to participate in certain activities (e.g. to take advantage of offers). We also automatically receive and track certain data about your mobile device (such as your device-type, software and language preference) or desktop interface, your taps and interests; and we may create a unique device or user ID for you so we can recognize you. In some cases we can automatically detect your location data, but often your operating system will require you to grant us permission to access your GPS; please refer to your device’s system settings regarding location services.

If you connect with Facebook or another social network via the Shazam app, we may also receive some data from that network (e.g. your Facebook ID, name, profile picture, gender, age, locale and email address).

2. How do we use your personal data?

We may use your personal data for the following purposes:

(i) to provide you with services and the display of customized content, integration to our partner apps and targeted advertising both on our apps/websites and on other apps/websites that we advertise through,

(ii) to communicate with the Shazam products and services and customer service issues,

(iii) to determine when you link from our app to one of our partner apps, so that we can monitor the level of traffic that we generate for our partner apps,

(iv) to ensure the technical functioning of our products and services,

(v) to protect Shazam’s copyright,

(vi) to enforce our Terms and Conditions of Use,

(vii) to comply with laws, requests from a government bodies or courts, or to respond to litigation, and

(viii) to enable us to use a third party to perform surveys measuring your experiences and use of our services.

We may also encrypt and/or aggregate your data with other users' data in order to create statistics about the general use of the Shazam apps and websites, which helps us to develop new products and services. We may also share this aggregated data with our business partners and third party advertisers.

3. Sharing data with third parties – key facts and how to opt-out

We may share your information, such as your device and location information, with third parties including advertisers and partners, some of whom may use your data for the purposes of demographic, behavioral, and geographic ad targeting. Additionally, some third parties (such as companies who advertise through our apps) may require you to provide your personal data in order to access their products, adverts and offers. Any third parties’ use of your personal data is governed by their own privacy policy. To learn more about behavioral advertising or to opt-out of some types of behavioral advertising for participating ad networks, you can visit the Network Advertising Initiative (http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/) or the Digital Advertising Alliance ( http://www.aboutads.info/choices/). Also see section 10, “Select Third Party Partners” for a list of some of the parties with whom we share user information.

If you connect your Shazam account to Facebook or Google+ your name and your profile picture may be shared with other Shazam users. Further, your Facebook friends may be able to use the Shazam apps to search for or view your Shazam profile and the data contained therein, such as your tags and other activity including date/time. Go to the "preferences" screen to see your options to adjust the access levels to the data in your Shazam profile but, again, if you don't want a social network to get any access to your data, do not connect to that network via Shazam.

In the event that ownership of Shazam changes as a result of a merger, acquisition, or transfer to another company, your personal data may be transferred. If such a transfer results in a material change in the use of your personal data, then Shazam will provide you with appropriate notice.

4. Links to other websites

We may display links to third party websites and apps. Please note that we cannot control and cannot be held responsible for the activities of such websites and apps. You should always read the privacy policy of a website or app to find out more about how personal data is collected and processed.

5. Use of Cookies

Like most web sites and mobile applications, we use cookies to track site usage, to send you adverts and to customise your experience of Shazam. A cookie is a tiny text or graphics file that resides on your computer, mobile phone, or other device, and allows us and/or our business partners to recognise you as a user. For more detail on how businesses use cookies on websites, please see www.allaboutcookies.org . You can find an overview of the various types of cookies used by Shazam and/or our business partners, in the table below.

Cookie Type Purpose

Essential Operational These cookies are necessary to allow us to operate the Shazam websites and apps as you have requested. These cookies, for example, let us recognize what type of subscriber you are and then provide you with the services to which you are entitled.

Performance These cookies are used by us or our business partners to analyse how the Shazam websites and apps are used and how they are performing. These cookies do not let us identify users (as all user data is aggregated). They are also used to monitor when you link from our app to one of our partner apps so that we can check what levels of traffic we are generating for our partner apps.

Functional These cookies let us operate certain functions of the Shazam websites and apps in line with the choices you make. These cookies mean that we can "remember" you in-between visits – e.g. we will recognize your user name and remind you how you customised our services and what music you enjoyed on your last visit.

Targeting/advertising These cookies are used by us and our business partners to send you adverts when using the Shazam websites and apps and to target those adverts to you and your interests. In doing this our business partners may use the profiles they have developed of other apps and websites that you have previously visited. These cookies may also help us and our business partners regulate the adverts you receive and measure its effectiveness. If we let our business partners place the cookies for advertising we do not give your name, email address or phone number to those business partners.

More information is available on the development of user-profiles, the targeting of advertising and how to stop the use of "targeting" cookies. Please seewww.youronlinechoices.eu if you are located in Europe or http://www.aboutads.info/choices/ if in the United States. Please note if you delete our cookies or disable future cookies you may not be able to fully use the Shazam websites or apps. If you want to delete any cookies on your computer, please refer to the instructions for your file management software to locate the file or directory that stores cookies. Your mobile operating system should also give you the option to manage your cookies and advertising preferences (this may be found in the "settings" function on your device).

6. Sorry kids, over 13s only

We take our responsibilities to the online community very seriously. As such, if you are under the age of 13 we have to ask you not to use our apps or websites in any way. We don't knowingly collect data from anyone under the age of 13 and we do not direct any of our products or services at this age group. If we become aware that we have inadvertently captured any personal data about a person who is under 13 years of age, then we will take the appropriate steps to shut down the account of that person.

7. How to access and correct your data (and a special note to California residents)

You can update your personal data through the Shazam apps and you can ask us about what data we are holding by sending us an email. We will do our best to respond to your request (upon verification of your identity) within a reasonable period of time. California Civil Code Section 1798.83 also permits users who are California residents to request and obtain from us once a year, free of charge, a list of the third parties to whom we disclosed their personal data (if any) for direct marketing purposes in the preceding calendar year and the categories of data disclosed to those third parties. To make any sort of access request, please email or write to us using the details above.

8. Changes to this Shazam Privacy Policy

Shazam reserves the right to make changes to this Shazam Privacy Policy, and will post any revisions on this page.

9. Overseas data transfer.

Your Personal Information may be transferred to, and stored at, a destination outside the European Economic Area. It may also be processed by staff operating outside the EEA who work for us or for one of our suppliers. We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your personal data is treated securely and in accordance with this privacy policy.

10. Select third party partners.

Some of the third party partners with whom we work include the following (list subject to change):

Microsoft (for Microsoft Operating Systems). If you are using a Shazam app on a Microsoft operating system, then as part of its relationship with Microsoft, Shazam will provide some of your data to Microsoft (e.g. your geographic location and an anonymous number that identifies your device) for its use in interest based advertising. To learn more about Microsoft’s internet based advertising, including how to opt out, please visit https://choice.live.com/AdvertisementChoice/.

Jumptap . You can opt-out of Jumptap's targeted advertising. To do so please click the opt-out link below from your mobile device. This should set a Jumptap opt-out cookie on your mobile browser. If you delete this cookie from your mobile browser you will need to opt out again in order to reinstate your opt-out status. If you are using an app, the opt-out will allow you to add your device ID to an opt-out list. Opting out will not stop advertising, but will cause advertisements from Jumptap to be served without reference to data about your activity.

https://opt.jumptap.com/optout/opt/pages/jsp/privacyPolicyOverview.jsp

AppNexus . To learn more about AppNexus’ internet based advertising, which offers control regarding some of the third party advertisers with whom we partner, please visit http://www.appnexus.com/platform-policy.

Copyright © 2015 Shazam Entertainment Limited. All rights reserved.

Shazam Entertainment Limited, 26-28 Hammersmith Grove London W6 7HA United Kingdom.
